Today, we'll start with learning about different types of models,
both from a classic machine learning and a deep learning perspective.
Next, we'll talk about how to appropriately split
up your data into training and validation sets.
A big challenge in the medical industry is in
obtaining a gold standard label for our datasets.
So we'll dive deep here next.
Following from what you learned about image properties in lessons 1 and 2,
we'll then talk about image pre-processing for deep learning.
Next, we'll talk about how to fine tune
existing CNN architectures for medical imaging tasks.
Finally, we'll learn about how to evaluate our models while they train.
Note that in this lesson,
we are going to focus on CNNs for classification tasks.
We won't talk too much about segmentation and localization,
but we'll lay a lot of the foundational work for you to be
able to tackle those on your own outside of this course.